[Music]
welcome to storeflix in this video we
will explain beyond the reach
this movie tells the story of a naked
and unarmed hunting guide who runs from
a wealthy hunter what's the mystery
behind the old man intention let's find
out and beyond the reach
beyond the reach tells the story of ben
a young man who lives in a caravan with
his girlfriend laina
then had just woken up when he found his
girlfriend was not by the side
he then gets out of the van and sees
laina staring at the windmill
lena tells ben that she wants to leave
the desert where they currently live and
move to the city center to study at a
university ben supports elena's decision
then gives his girlfriend a firearm if
he is not by her side to protect her
later reluctantly left her boyfriend and
drove across the desert in a jeep
ben is a professional guide for hunters
who want to wade through the desert near
the small town of mojave
after elena leaves the local sheriff
calls ben and says a man needs his
services ben goes straight to the
sheriff's office and meets a middle-aged
man named matic his prospective client
medic turns out to be a millionaire and
dares to pay ben a thousand dollars a
day ben did not waste this very tempting
offer he immediately agreed not only the
high pay medic is also prepared a
special off-road vehicle for five
hundred thousand dollars which is
sophisticated and equipped bend with
long barrel weapons that other hunters
do not commonly use
ben and matic then made their way down
the barren area around the large clips
of shiprock
on the way medic suddenly fired a random
shot which then led to the assumption in
ben that medic had no experience in
hunting because the rich man did not
understand the rules about hunting in
this area at all
then then asked medic to show his hunter
license card but instead he took out a
few dollars and handed the money to the
young man as wages outside of his daily
pay
usually ben refuses to guide ignorant
amateur hunters but because he has
already agreed to become medics guide he
accepts his money reluctantly as
compensation for keeping his mouth shut
because medic doesn't have a hunting
license
ben and medic finally arrived at a large
rocky hill
the two of them climbed the rocks
observing the situation on the cliff
next to them
there was a slight movement in the trees
on the cliff then told medic to wait
patiently while he surveyed the
situation through the binoculars then
was trying to determine if it was the
desert sheep they were after or some
other animal but it was medic who
couldn't wait to shoot at the top of the
cliff without checking first medic was
sure that he had shot a rear desert
sheep and headed straight for his prey
probably lying in pain
but unexpectedly medic shot charlie an
old traveler who collects unique items
around the desert every day
charlie and ben are good friends so ben
is devastated when medic accidentally
shoots his best friend
betty then sat restlessly on the rocks
the man looked very shocked because he
had just killed someone
ben rushes to made its car which is
parked in a barren area and drives for
help but while ben was out looking for
help medic instead shot charlie's body
with ben's rifle
ben who heard the sound of gunshots
fired immediately returned to the
hunting ground the billionaire man
seemed calm when ben confronted him
about the shot just now medic tells ben
that he did it on purpose to avoid being
suspicious of the police because now
there are two bullets lodged in
charlie's body his and ben's both can be
used as suspects in the charlie shooting
case
medic admits that he had set ben on
purpose he then offered a solution that
would benefit both of them
medic tells ben that he will give the
young man a full scholarship from a
prestigious university and an additional
stipend of three hundred thousand
dollars per year as long as ben helps
him bury charlie's body and cover up any
traces of the accidental murder he has
committed
ben looked doubtful his feelings were
mixed and his mind was in turmoil
because his best friend had died and he
was deliberately framed as the shooter
unexpectedly ben even accepted medics
hand accepting the man's offer the two
agreed and shook hands
after burying charlie's body in the
rocks and returning to the car then
quietly grabs medics satellite phone and
attempts to make an emergency call
but his actions were caught by medic who
immediately pointed a gun at him and
destroyed the communication device
ben is finally cornered and can only
obey medics orders if he wants his life
to be saved
medic then ordered ben to take off his
clothes and shoes leaving only the
shorts that covered his body ben starts
walking home following the path of the
power lines that stretch across the
desert though he is sure he won't last
long in the desert in his current
condition
ben tries to find another alternative
route but medic fires a bullet at him
warning ben to keep going on the path he
wants to make sure ben dies as a victim
of the ferocity of the desert
then looked back then sprinted as medic
averted his eyes
medic then watched ben through the
binoculars as the young man continued to
run across the barren desert off the
path that made it set
apparently ben ran into the dry canyon
area jumped up there then into the
little gap hidden behind the rocks
the vole turns out to lead to charlie's
secret base
he drinks charlie's water and uses his
shoes which are too big for ben
then then took out a desert map charlie
had drawn and kept it in his pocket
medic follows then into the canyon but
finds no one there he then took the
initiative to circle the canyon trying
to find another opening until they
arrived at the mouth of an abandoned
tunnel medic enters the tunnel and finds
a wooden crate filled with explosives
made occurred a rustling sound from
behind the tunnel walls and thought the
sound was coming from ben
he tried to blow up the tunnel wall with
dynamite
ben who was on the other side of the
wall couldn't help but leave charlie's
base before the tunnel collapsed and
buried him alive medic was already
waiting for ben to appear at the end of
the tunnel and warned the young man to
keep walking on the path he had set
ben who was tired and injured did not
give up hope
he always took an alternate route when
medic was off guard and tried to escape
his scrutiny ben kept running and
running to avoid matic until he finally
came to a hollow rock cliff
ben slid into one of the small crevices
in the cliff that was the resting place
he and charlie had built complete with a
sofa and other items
he tore the fabric and foam of the sofa
cushion and bandaged his injured legs
he also uses it as footwear so that his
foot condition does not get worse
after that ben continues his journey
following charlie's map which leads into
a hidden spot where charlie buries
important items such as catapults iron
marbles and a map showing the water
storage location
ben's escape attempt was not in vain
after following charlie's map he finally
finds a plastic vessel filled with clean
water
without thinking he then gulped the
water in the barrel as much as he could
but ben's luck didn't last long so he
focused on reading the map looking for
the location of the water supply he
didn't realize that medic managed to
sniff his tracks and found his location
medic shot the vessel filled with water
that ben was drinking until it broke
medic warned ben not to mess around and
told him to get back on track while
watching ben over a glass of alcohol
then finally obeyed matics orders
he walked unsteadily in the barren
desert under direct sunlight and blown
by gusts of sand grains drifting in the
wind
then then collapsed on his stomach
his body didn't move an inch the medic
shot the area around the boy to frighten
him medic thought that ben was dead and
left him it turns out that it was just
ben's ruse so that he no longer chased
after him but medic is not easily fooled
he waited behind the cliff while
observing the surroundings through
binoculars
he finally found ben was climbing a
rocky hill not far from his current
location
ben who was experienced and knew by
heart every nook and cranny throughout
the desert hoped to trick medic again
and escape the psychopathic man
he then climbed up a large rocky hill
and into one of the gaps in the rock
cliff hiding there until nightfall
medic who already knew where ben was
hiding immediately stepped on the gas
and waited patiently in front of the gap
that ben had entered
he repeatedly called ben's name and
suggested that ben surrender because he
already wanted to kill him however
unbeknownst to medic then had come out
of the gap in the back of his car
he then sneaked into medics car while he
was urinating he managed to grab a few
things including his jacket and quickly
got out of there
after returning to his car medic
realized something odd had happened in
his car
the man assumed that ben had gotten into
his car and was hiding in the back of
the car
he then suddenly reversed the car but
ben lay down on the ground to not get
hit by medic's car and immediately fled
to the rocky area
medic shot at ben and he started
throwing dynamite extensively towards
ben's hiding place because he was so
annoyed
but ben managed to survive all the
attacks until finally medic stopped
attacking and then responded to matic by
slamming an iron catapult right into the
windshield and hitting the man's face
made it collapsed unconscious with a
single blow
the next day ben drove home and made his
car while he sat in the passenger seat
arriving in the city ben takes him to
the police station and describes all the
events he experienced in the desert in
detail
he reports all of matic's misdeeds to
the sheriff
ben was briefly imprisoned but was later
released because he was proven innocent
medic who was the mastermind behind all
the heinous acts he had committed was
later found guilty of all charges made
by ben
but when the police were about to take
him to prison medic asked permission to
go to the toilet and managed to escape
with the help of his men who picked him
up by helicopter mae turned out to have
called for help using his smart watch
before he arrived at the police station
a few days later ben visits lena who now
lives downtown he told her all his
experiences with medic and decides to
stop being a god because he is still
traumatized by the horrific incident
then also promised to always stay by her
side and never leave her again elena
hugged him dearly they also agreed to
live together in the city
when knight fell ben was sleeping in bed
with lana until he suddenly woke up
because he dreamt of made it came to
their house
unfortunately it is not a dream but a
reality that is happening right now
medic was already standing in front of
ben with his rifle pointed at him ready
to shoot the young man but medic lost
quickly galena who had shot him first
with ben's gun during their first
separation
medic who was seriously injured tried to
escape from lana's house but ben didn't
just let it go then took his gun and
shot him until the man met his death and
would never terrorize him in lena again
the film ends
[Music]
you